Add-on assembly system should be permanent for the duration of a maintenance branch only (#11)
SAP-samples/abap-platform-ci-cd-samples: README.md

In this example a **permanent** add-on assembly system is being used and the system **is not deleted** in the [Post stage](https://www.project-piper.io/pipelines/abapEnvironment/stages/post/).
Software components are imported into the system by using the [`CheckoutPull` strategy](https://www.project-piper.io/pipelines/abapEnvironment/stages/cloneRepositories/#stage-parameters).

> **Note**: The add-on assembly system should be permanent for the duration of a maintenance branch only, to build new patch versions on the same support package level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: The add-on assembly system should be only kept for the duration of a maintenance branch, and only be used to build new patch versions on a single support package level.
```
